OXID eShop End User License Agreement

1. Definitions

"Software": (i) software files of the products OXID eShop Professional Edition
and OXID eShop Enterprise Edition, (ii) related documentation, and (iii) any 
updates, upgrades and additions to such Software. 

"Software Core": all Software files, which are stored by the installation 
procedure of the Software on the system in den directory "Core" and its
subdirectories. 

"Client": in organizational and technical database terms, a self-contained 
unit in a System with separate master records and its own set of tables, 
defined and controlled by parameters. View means a dynamic, virtual table 
computed or collated from data in the database for a subsection of the master 
records. 

"CPU": the number of physical (non-virtual) processors in the production 
system, each with a maximum of 4 processor cores per CPU.

"Associated Companies": associated companies within the meaning of §§ 15 
et.seq. German Stock Corporation Act.

2. Copyright

The Software is protected by copyright laws. Except as expressly stated herein, 
this agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the 
Software and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by OXID eSales. 

3. License

Upon full payment of the license fees, OXID eSales grants you a non-exclusive, 
permanent license to use the Software for your internal business purposes and 
those of your Associated Companies. You may make a reasonable number of backup/ 
recovery copies of the Software, provided your backup/ recovery copies are not 
installed on systems.

4. Restrictions

4.1. The use of OXID eShop Professional Edition/Enterprise Edition requires 
a valid and effective OXID eShop Support and Maintenance Agreement.

4.2. The use of OXID eShop Professional Edition is limited to one (1) Client. 

4.3. The use of OXID eShop Enterprise Edition is limited by the number of 
licensed CPUs/ Clients. 

4.4. The Software may contain software products of other vendors. Such Third 
Party Products may be subject to additional terms, see under 
http://www.oxid-esales.com/en/eshop/third-party-licenses

4.5. You may not modify, adapt or translate the Software Core.

4.6. Any copy of the Software permitted under the terms of this License must 
contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices of OXID eSales that 
appear on or in the licensed Software. 

4.7. You may not rent, lease, let or sublicense the Software or make the 
Software by any other means available to or accessible by third parties. 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, you are entitled to assign this License 
or sublicense the Software to Associated Companies, provided that the use of 
all sublicensed Software does in total not exceed the number of licensed CPUs/
Clients. 

4.8. Software provided for testing or demonstration purposes ("Testsoftware") 
may not be used on production systems. 

4.9. You may use the Software only in full compliance with applicable laws, 
including, without limitation, compliance of any collecting, use and 
processing of personal data with applicable data protection laws. 

5. Termination

OXID eSales may terminate this license agreement, if you are in breach with 
your obligations under Sec. 4 and fail to remedy such breach within ten (10) 
days after receipt of notice identifying such breach from OXID eSales. 
OXID eSales right to recover damages for breach shall remain unaffected.

6. Warranties 

6.1. Conformity of the Software is determined exclusively according to 
specifications of the Software documentation valid at the signing of this 
agreement.

6.2. The warranty period shall expire 12 months after delivery (making 
available for download) of the Software. 

6.3. Testsoftware is provided "AS IS" without a warranty of any kind.

7. Liability

7.1. OXID eSales shall be liable a)for any damage caused by a willful, 
fraudulent or grossly negligent act, or resulting in injury to life, body or 
health, or covered by the Product Liability Act, b) for any reasonably 
foreseeable damage resulting from its breach of a fundamental contractual 
obligation up to the amount of the licensing fees agreed under this agreement. 

7.2. In case of Testsoftware, OXID eSales liability is limited to Sec. 7.1. a). 

7.3. All other claims shall be excluded.

8. Miscellaneous

8.1. This license agreement will be governed by German law. 

8.2. If any part of this agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will 
not affect the balance of this agreement which will remain valid and 
enforceable. 

8.3. The German Version of this agreement will be used when interpreting or 
construing this Agreement. 

8.4. For all disputes arising out of this License, the jurisdiction of the 
Regional Court Freiburg is herewith agreed. 

